[diagnostics] Replace 'could' and 'might' (#4352)
cplusplus/draft: source/diagnostics.tex

system is unspecified.
\begin{note}
The number of potential system error codes is large

> and unbounded, and some possibly do not correspond to any POSIX \tcode{errno} value. Thus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and unbounded, and it is possible that some do not correspond to any POSIX \tcode{errno} value. Thus
```
